Next time, later,
When your worker is called, you go in directly.
Do as I give you,
Don't be nervous,
Ah, ah, your dough is like a melon, ah,
Ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
have you heard
Why did the company change its chairman?
What does this person have to do with us?
relationship and big
I just got the notice
Chairman Yang Lun has worked in the company
It’s time to call the outside shop face again
What is the name of the chairman?
What's going on when the chairman comes to visit?
Say we have a good chance of performing
How do you get it clean?
What the hell am I thinking?
Then meet around
Just let the chairman
our previous relationship
I'm dead
This is our face